
    I think that while it is very much true that AI will be likely improve and solve certain problems, but at the same I also believe that it is wise to be cautionary. 
    Elon Musk's warnings are valid, but Hawking's seem extreme and Moedas's worry seems narrow (this is an unbiased? opinion because I actually do not care much for Elon Musk and definitely like Hawking more. As for Moeda's, I'm not sure who he is.)
    While news is definitely an important outlet, 'fake news' has been going on a lot longer than the emergence of artificial intelligence, so while AI might (very likely) contribute to the 'fake news', the main source, at least right now, is humans. Take for example the bot that was mentioned in the article, according to a MIT (if I remember correctly) study on bots and their influence, humans are really the main cause of 'fake news.' Thus, I think it's necessary to focus energy on what has happened and will happen instead of only what may happen. 

    Regarding Hawking's theory, I'd like to comment on the writer's argument that 'it is not clear how the robots would keep humans from shutting them down.' Well, if AI robots can reprogram themselves, then it would be possible for them to reprogram how they're turned off.Yet, I still believe that Hawking's theory is a little ahead of us, and though possible, it's not as 'current' or 'urgent' as Musk's warnings. 

    However, in the article, Musk is quoted to have said that 'AI is a fundamental risk to... human civilization," which I find to be extreme as well. In any case, almost any piece of technology or technical advancement may bring risk to human civilization (that I agree), but a fundamental risk? That seems extreme to compare it Pandora's box because despite possible dangers, the fruits of its advancement are great as well if it is not abused by the people who hold them. 
    I think that I'd be most in line with Gate's opinion (at least what was written on the article, which frankly makes me a little worried about its matureness?/validity with its Reddit-post comment and questionable choice of quotes that bring little light to why some of these modern tech figures hold the opinions they do).
    

