/* For your choice of article (or both), problem 0 asks you to compose a one-paragraph reflection (4-5 sentences). For these big-picture articles about companies that dominate consumer interaction with computing, the prompts are the same: (a) What are your reflections on the interactions that Facebook/Amazon/other firms are creating? And (b) share/include your own experiences with them as part of your reflection. Here, and in general, your response should incorporate ideas from the article, ideally along with your own take/experience. Submit your reflection(s) in a file named hw0pr0.txt. */

Article 1 (Facebook Doesn’t Like What It Sees When It Looks in the Mirror):
Article 2 (Inside Amazon Go, A Store of the Future): 
What are your reflections on the interactions that Facebook/Amazon/other firms are creating?
share/include your own experiences with them as part of your reflection.

    Regarding the Facebook article's comment about how "Silicon Valley companies have been happy to view their powerful inventions as neutral platforms," I would like to comment that they are indeed generally neutral platforms, which means that these platforms can be both positive or negative experiences; much depends on the user as well as the information that exist on the platform. It's like machine learning: if the correct or 'good' data is given to the algorithm, then the answer or result would likely be correct. Thus, Zuckerburg's decision to change what appears on the Facebook feed is a move that should have happened a long time ago, and the attention given to it also seems more like an advertising move than a big change. Personally, I use Facebook only when needed and mainly because of their messanger app, which is how I contact most of my friends. Thus, this 'change' really probably wouldn't change my habits. What I find disturbing (and kind of cool) is how people's future behavior can be predicted from what they do on social media (which is totally understandable, but still a little disturbing). This also makes me want to read the Privacy agreement again.

    

    truth be told, I find  

Regarding Facebook's comment about




